We have been Bible study online with doing with the Aaron. Aaron is very this first time two months attending, but God's grace we are able to meet up every Thursday and then we are studying Gospels. So maybe some other day I invite all men. Online to have the Bible study, even on like church. So let's go up our studying so so meaning is scripture. So we will do a pickup the verses and scripture study. Meaning uh we have some of the very known uh. Parable, the parable of the lost sheep. So we have here Luke chapter sixteen verse eleven to thirteenth. So when you are reading this scripture, generally in both time, you should study also before and after so that even if you miss the guide line, you should know in context of the story. Why the scripture of Parable was given? So, next is observation. So this is me answer the question: what, when and where who and how it's seen that you see in description. So, when you are studying or reading this picture, you have to analyze it just reading that the word of God so I mean nothing. So, uh, we have to write down characters who are involved on the particular pictures and then we have a... So, this time the parable of the lost sheep to whom Jesus is talking on his day. Then what is the message? That's a message then. And how did the character respond? And then what is the character? So, examples are from the fifteen that you get to do. So, can you read it? I believe we have all our files in digital or paper. Can we go down to the passage? So this is the story of the parable of that sun. So we are probably going with a story now. So it's very long passage that we know the story, Genesis Story. Yeah, I don't understand. The Parable of the Lost Sheep. So eleven ninety market in unity is Jesus maybe before verse eleven, there are some listeners you see by. So, there are three main characters: the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. And then, the Holy Spirit ordered so that they're a family with two sons. One is the younger one, the other's older. So, there are families of two sons. One is the youngest daughter. All this in hand, then no, and I know why is you just die. Spend all the money with pleasure and everything. So what happened after that? He lost his money can what's happen to the youngest? So he said, "What a shame!" Makai, so beautiful. So, when we light our soot, get many observation at it to understand what the scripture is all about. So, nothing to eat. So, nothing to eat. So, in a sohana is getting food. Getting food, thinking that you need to wait and get some food. But I'm being as okay. So he need to suffer. After what, I don't know. He remembered that she was a prince. Boy, Prince Pei back to his father. So he, you get to his sentence now. I don't really like it. He's in Boron or my baby boy, after all the people living with your father who owns everything from when she was a child, then suddenly you have time to eat. You are cleaning the dirt of peas and everything, even you're eating the food for the pigs. So he came back to his Kansas. So he decided to go back. Go back as a servant because he realized. Father is already looking for his son, so maybe every day he was looking for his son that he may one day come back. So what did the father do? Right now, in this age, in this age, see a lot of people go away. Run after his son, and the son asked for forgiveness. So he gave him a vision that is so what happened? The father was forgiving on condition of younger's sin to be absolved by the father. I don't give you my father forgive your sin. Yeah, that's how our father is. But yeah, I have died. Whatever we had done in life, I mean, Balikatan and repented and accepted and humbled us for what we get. And some observations when doing our when we do our so so the father celebrated on his third. So, observation here, now we go to application. So, when you study the scripture, how to apply what we have. So how do we do this? So in this time to apply, you know nothing beyond the standard like that support of both on the last time, how do we apply this ourselves We have to identify other times gone so probably most of our human time figure is things. When you read the Bible, it's actually talking to you and change something in your life to reflect one. You know that nothing is better just to have a high place if there is, but how do we apply this? Two power daily lives so that's really how will you respond? The verses you have just read, so it's very important that soon again. So time to time or maybe when we correct the Bible, when we really read the Bible, meaning music come across our game into that scripture. So I don't know what but is the beauty of scripture sometimes. It has a different impact on you the next time we read it, it will be different. These are standard so there are more revelation to us by the whole scripture. So in example what we have taken they are uh. What do you observe particularly on this scripture, like someone in the parable of the lost? I think it was Nile. Ammapepo is not a little. Is humble ourselves or gainless acquisition as our own. Unconditional love, so again everything that you observe in our unconditional love of the Father, loved us even when we rebel, the Father still seek for us. So that's how we going to apply these characters. We have the application, and then we will end our devotion by prayer. Your prayer must be personal to you because when you doing your soul is personal for you. You pray for the nation together. So our assignment will be a personal prayer. So, before we go into our group exercise. So, I'd like to remind you of the requirement that then we will have by next week prepare two note books one for your school which before the last you will submit it to your teacher so that we can check and guide you if there are some problems in every thing and then the second book is for your notes so you have to write also this whole notebook with name so that we would know and we can let So, do you have questions for the admission department? Okay, so some people before the previous students' question are if they can print it because their handwriting is not that legible. Yes, but I am still poor. So, if you think that your handwriting and you're not that confident that it's going to be legible or readable. You can print it, write your name and submit it to your teacher. Just make sure that when we return it to you to compile this because this so also is your way of tracking yourself, your growth literally, and you get your um your dissertation to see for yourself what are the players that have been answered by God. So it's really good to keep record of this thing. One, two, three. One, one, two, three and one. Okay, so please all stand and bring up your things. So all group one stay here. Group two at the center demo and group B need to sit right next to it. I get that. Yeah. So can you ask our teacher when we are ready to give them a paper for the... Yeah, so if you have a Bible or any other bible reference on Athens, uh I will birth John Wu first one school. So get to know your groupmates and let's do our group soak So our teachers will assist you per group on how to do the soap Group one, right? And group one Let's give it a run Can you point something out? 5分钟，10分钟，Number one, okay? Let's give it a go. Oh, 20 minutes left now. Okay. I'll support you. One, two, three. The next day, there was a wedding celebration in the village of Canaan in Galilee. Jesus' mother was there and Jesus and his disciples were also invited to the celebration. The wine supply ran out during the festive so Jesus' mother told him they have no more wine. Dear woman, that's not our problem, Jesus replied. My time has not yet come, but his mother told the servant, "Do whatever he tells you." Standing nearby were six stone water jars used for Jewish ceremonial rinsing; each could hold twenty to thirty gallons. Jesus told the servant, "Fill those jars with water," when the jars had been filled. He said, "Now the jars have been." When the jars had been cleared, he said, "Now dip some out and take it to the master of ceremonies." So the servants followed his instructions. When the master of the ceremonies tasted the water that was not wine, not knowing where it had come from though of course. The servant knew he called the bridegroom over a host always serves the best wine, he said. Then he when everyone has made a lot to drink, he drinks out of the less expensive wine, but you have kept the best until now. This. miraculous sign of calamity in galilee was the first time jesus revealed his glory and his disciples believed in him after the wedding he went to capernaum for a few days with his mother, his brothers, and his disciples. The wedding. Where the, I don't know how to get this time. So, I think that's a good one for waiting. Blackboard. Yeah. Uh-huh. I can't even post. So, I'm gonna go to the hospital now. And we're all going to be okay. Then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, Yes, one to twenty. One to twenty. Oh, one to twenty. Two. Inna, inna, inna, I am eight. So, any point you can read the scripture that God sent to us through Inna? I don't know if they're there or not. They were just like... Oh, I was too. And the best lesson we can take is that God provides because of His grace, right? I think they are actually still having any one even able to go and actually serve. That's a good observation about how you broke coming on serving. Where is the story? I think you just said nice, not yet that nice. So when he say back, that's not the next time I go to work. Any observation? There is no right. There is no wrong. You must serve yourself. You must serve yourself. Because, they try to sway away with the thought that. Ganti natah gun wan. And then when he comes down, I'll be right there to help him out. Yes, yes, yes. What do you mean? You don't have a third. So why not to play? We're going out school and I'm gonna be playing with the kids. Wait, everything is good. Three years. Please do your observation. No, no, no. She had the she gave me the authority so yeah. Yeah, I was just trying to get a picture of the spiritual order. So that's good. Wasn't here for this one. Yeah. So, the first observation was that in some people, you just need to be a bit more patient and not so much of it. Turning on one foot is enough. And then, I don't know if. You mean so? I'm not sure what you're asking for. Could you please rephrase your question? No, but it's a little bit of the way we live and actually there for a prayer, praying fasting personal devotion because you are feeling that every time never. God forgive me for my sins. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. God forgive me for my sins. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. God forgive me for my sins. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. So, I am ready with your prayers. Father, help me and guide me to trust in you and follow your plan. Jesus Christ, always have peace. If we have more than one observation, we can put that down too, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's the first one. Can you want to add any prayer points in those things? I'm following. I need help with maybe... You read Bible multiple times, and every time you read it, there's something new. Okay, guys. So we get a short break before noon in the group study. And then there is a time of nap and sleep again at midnight. I'll have water so you can get clean up after swim and think of the upgrade. See? You want some coffee? You want some coffee? You need coffee? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Get one glass of water. I'm gonna get a drink. We're having friends here to see what kind of drinks we have in the house. One, two, three, four. How about it? I don't know what to do. Three days ago, three days ago, and then again. You are not going to go back there. No, no, no. How about it? I'm gonna be like a little boy. I'll be the king of all. And then, when you're in trouble, call me. When you need help, come to me. I'm here for you. I'm like, "Oh my god." One act, and also share a bit of clear okay from group one. So, one observation that we know best from Acts is all about Jesus' last words: "Lest you trust in another." When Jesus... Provide instructions regarding the jars and also conversion into wine. An application, I just summarize here: an application trust God and you'll achieve something that you think is possible to achieve. So, have faith in that. And then for prayers is very short father for you or us for doubting you sometimes help us and guide us to put trusting you and follow your instructions and plans. It's the same in English. Ay ay group two, tino niyagrapak sa patahi no. Oh oh hey. Good job. The observation won't be the human part. Out of nothing, and we can come to Jesus and have faith in what He did for us. Lord God Almighty, Savior, I am so thankful that You are my Provider. Amen. Thank you, bro. Oh my god, three. MJ. So now we're gonna observe it. Yes, sir. So. From us, Mary knows another capability of Jesus going to miracle during that time. So in whatever he says, so in our application we should be obedient and instruction from Lord, can say a blessing from God sometimes or not sometimes we can get. The prayer is, may the Lord continue to instruct us anew for obedience and instruction. Okay, I'm so happy to know that you're all your teachers are excited to learn individual stuff too and it will also update. So, I am not a boy. Okay, let's learn this attribute of God. The attributes of God. So, are you happy one? First time on the Bible? No, no, knowing God. So, knowing God. When was your first time thinking about God? Yeah. Can you like... But, what is the time and habits or before we have enjoy time in church? First, uh, Spence tell them more about the word of God. First to be yeah, God, how many attributes of God? Let me talk about God at least a little bit. So you have forgotten. Knowing, getting is small. And knowing get get is only answer to this. I mean quality or a kind of get and existence. So you know people give me the day or adding lesson for the other side. So get if he. Spirit, spirit, is this a spirit? Chai, so, survival of the Philippines and especially in Jesus Christ, God's Holy Spirit, He has promised to help us. Spirit, grace of our Lord. Then, what about that is a person? Very important then, whether it's a team or goals or some bagay okay death time ah no lah seko na sa bata. Why did I create it? Very bang, so there are some feelings. As a person, I don't know what to do. A person with the name of Gandhi, a living guide, and just understanding that he's Before creation, that's already there. Without the creation, I am bangga. Did you think before God created us in existence or just created God? No, God is always there. I think it's interesting that the world might say all people... One really, like I said, we got is a force for example, but now I am saying that the universe force throughout the universe, but it's also a person. That is unique in that respect. So, yeah, so guys already he said, so initial padding hat to now, almost born right. This guy, this guy a different guy, powerful guy, he create door so and that is constant you see me in the beginning of Baba don't get it all from the past after how many years or uh Many many years, Gopalagiri Nana Shaheen. He is what he is? Yes, same yesterday and so God is Goshen. Tayo and Gopalagiri, then the bagai in Bengali, the bagai move there, moving that guy's name. Like that, so you know anthropocene attitude, so I carry should read the Bible with just study to no more about get back when we read the Bible who is Jesus. So next is because. That is the spirit, Jesus said therefore verse twenty one and twenty four. Jesus replied, "Believe me, a time is coming when you will worship God neither on this mountain nor in your country." You Samaritans worship what you do not know. We worship what we do not, for salvation is from the Jews yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipper will worship the Father in His Spirit and Heaven. For they are the kind of worshippers that God said: "God is His spirit," and His worshipper must worship in His Spirit and heaven. And what is the truth? The next slide, and then a thirty forty one seventeen for error. For back now we need to work out this problem so that you understand how it works together in game. And so, given. Inventive, and the only gun, a Gisang gun, or something like that so first to what is six thirty B after rubber. So let's go underline on the past. So, that is his spirit, but later on we will see or in our reading, he gets in the flesh possible way. That's his spirit, tabit indisible. Only take a bag to get in the flesh, have any idea? No, it was that is spirit. Okay, I think everyone has done something. Started pagarang, started. After you we can get in the flesh. Jesus so there's some. The next slide, the first one over all creation. So, citizens of for in came, all things were created there. So, uh, I think first is that he's a person who has self consciousness and will and we capable of feeling for example in the asasatana especially what particular do we asasatana? We need to have a more perspective when we see, when we see, right? Atutuwa, like two more pairs of you know what and how I am going to be really good on something illegal bad atutuwa but that's first move so get side by side for tayo ka hala. Yeah, this is. And then have been choosing and having a reciprocal relationship. Reciprocal, I am not sure if you can understand it well. So, for example, the recognition density reciprocal, I don't know what they choose. I mean, I just see the way they don't have it. It's a simple problem on top of them. The ship can arm. We're in an island. They'll make you go out there. Otherwise, but if we're not inside their anchor, push your toothna farther away from us. So, if we're not inside. So, next is going up to and the next plane. So we're gonna be guys. I think so first. So, can I assign Moses to be the deliverer for his people in Egypt? So, I am going to go and see if I can help them. Or, the great I am, I am so later on when we study in Bible especially in two Gospels, Jesus used this word, "I am," "I am," "I have," "I am a light." So get it coming down. So, this is the name of Jesus. And, people to build the name of God is, I see pastor Do you know Pastor PDD? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The way I hear from Pastor Daniel, he named him. Silent flowers, I hear of the tea, I hear of big things that are so like because to again, so it's very important we honor and remember you shall not disuse the name of Lord. Jour, this is so that particular to ask the Christian, but in a day or in a game, I asked the name of God first, then the name of God main and actually sub commandment huh? It was distant second. Both the company, never been to a job to another assistant with personal communicating with D and so is it possible when teachers not communicate communicating with students? Is that possible? No idea. So he can be spoken to and in terms of being God as you know, spirit, especially on the when we read Genesis, the Kahalasheh are there in it. In my opinion, I don't know where are you having a good forty four so guys speak to us. So sometimes when we read the Bible, guys speaks to us even in dreams. Now how's it go? Have a team do your assignment. So, get uh talking to us and likewise uh likewise we also talk too okay you just don't ask for money that we are need so it should be daily our daily habits there are habits like talk to them every day so how Many times in the day, so we talk in the morning as you wake up, take a shower, go to work or cooking. So every time you communicate with that, you are just talking to our friend, but be polite and listen, but I don't want to do something like that too bad. Or, move to the EPM just with a romantic so we go to get but I am going to get in. So, some is actions twenty versus two to three on the Lord your God who brought you out of Egypt out of the land of Sinai. You shall not have no other gods before me. So, what are they? One. God, other than our God, meaning unseen, okay? Like I say one source so we have only one god. So in times of uh... Papa ta, kudi otaa taa men deere kee gee teempao hin sii alba sinisama tangpo iya jaal sijin isang tangpo ya ban na si binus tangpo ya pan di nakamini ti jana tangpo ajaan jaat saida da lo pan di nataio. So, what's the way I have sensitive? Been a day in Bangkok and Changawan Klang. So, we're serving idols with other idols from priority nation. Next slide for you are leaving there. So, God is characterized by life. So, I am the chapter five verse one indicates that He is a living boy and just ayo man umamatay but god is a living guy and uh next like that. Because of sin, but I die. Supposed to be during the creation, but we are free, living with God in harmony, desire and being with God forever. But because of sin, they'll be cast out from the island. Yeah, Tao and... And the spirit said, "Jesus eternal life." So, Jesus for other father's life himself for his granted to stand. So that's part of why we have habits to know more about it. So, is sion having the effect? Next slide. So eternal love is applied to him and just is the fourth eternity. The beginning created heaven and earth. In the beginning, I am doing a show. It's not like time of creation recreation. For every year, I am doing a show. So what I'm showing in the beginning, but what I'm showing and just... But not only this present age, but the time is too long. Because of sinnes, for heaven, sometimes so sometimes papa is just a little bit additional, death's also. So, that is still also in it. But if you have Jesus in your life, he don't want to death. So we are only two destiny. So. So, we're going to do so gas continue exist and that depend on anything outside. So, tayo at mo walang tayo, he remains gas forever. So, act seventy twenty five. I think he's a good one. He is not served by you and I just so, I am just. So, other things. Everyone like so, I begin and go high. So remember when we are created special Tao, how come on Tao is special? All these creation additional element what do you think one can manage even in a way that end. What other observation of the marasal soul? We are the soul, we have a soul and all creation by words like you know right. Let there be let there be let there be. Right. Why does that not let there be on life? Kumawasha, kana tayo ha special and then he break the ishenan a bit special an asuba mikaduwa. So I hope that it's fresh, Kayo. It's the foundation of... So, to sum it up, God is the supreme or highest being among all creations. Being in a sense, it means He can communicate; He can talk to us because they're like dogs. Yes, the question is: "Can dogs communicate?" They can sense, they can feel, they have emotions. So, later on during our discussion at class, I'll let you know what's going on. Difference of what is emotion soul and about composition like your physically so using huge difference though so and also from here I want to open the floor for questions based on these three aspects of God, I know you may have big questions new or like easy new on this three things that different shapes. God from us, and every one of you is God. So question: Our realization about God? Mark, you have a realization about this thing about God. That night never changes. He's never changing. You call him. Yes, through time and generation gone to the land of Egypt, from Etiwin for the name of God was created who aniti la di sabaybaw of who he is until today is the same god. Then by more than that, he is with us today, yesterday, and forevermore. So another realization question. Yes, without beginning and end. Aniyo self application model is the god is no beginning and end. Okay, yes, but really. She tell you, I am pagalan ng inyong. I am the bread, I am the light of the world. Ah yes, because Annalaya the influence upon the umbrella of creativity. If you would... You hear you word that in Islam God is three person one being and he will discuss that in the following uh section statement of trinity pero si sabinad ni kumusunyo makadvadi pwedengon hanapin sa daming video cpdd dandonyo trinity so yung idisabina yang siga ko in our modern day he's the only way the truth in the life, no one could come to the father but through him. But who answer that question is Jesus, he is a name of Jesus in the New Testament, the seven I's: "I am the door, I am the light, I am the true way." And Adam and Eve, what He called Himself in the Old Testament, Marami Din Shang self declared thing, and Aaronin Nakimu next section, which is better. Original Hebrew words, na bin gani jesus ani got for himself. So he got anil tawas nesatari diya nalini bil nyasatao as that time through the process. The next question is a good question and no looking forward nabakaruan ng sagot not after this habit class okay amen so any Any more questions? Yes, I have one more. That's why he, for instance, can be a great way of knowing what our own market is going to do. So, in the belief that one spreads every year, as they will explain it, he knows the future, he knows what can happen right now, what we are capable of doing or what we can do. And why ever living go? This is good, what I say really open my eyes and high point to the people who must be in there from me present. So that's very good. Can you talk no more? The word omni means all, and then science means knowledge, all knowing. He knows everything from the past, present, future. But I'm excited for you to ask a question that leading to conversation. And another one is omnipotent, meaning powerful. He's beyond power, as he said in original creation story. So, omniscient. Omnipresent, present meaning in a sense on different second we can communicate one way but God can respond sabai-sabai as you mentioned that we can all pray like sabai-sabai and He answers us differently from tayo in the past of the sabai-sabai na salita kauwala niyasem.